
# Glimesh Staff Meeting 8/18

## Objective
Present Glimesh Community Team & draft moderation guidelines.

## Weekly Metrics
|           | Users  | Discord | Twitter | Reddit | Instagram | Facebook |
|-----------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-----------|----------|
| This Week | 1551   | 850     | 1119    | 153    | 77        | 36       |
| Last Week | 1317   | 801     | 1036    | 152    | 71        | 31       |
| Diff      | 234 ⬆  | 49 ⬆    | 83 ⬆    | 1 ⬆    | 6 ⬆       | 5 ⬆      |

## Wins
-   Signed up & utilized Buffer to start helping us manage social media better
-   Amazing translation results: 100% Norwegian by datagutt, 91% Japanese by Heiwa & shikask, and finally 60% French by Omn0mn0m -- We’re looking for help with German, Spanish and Vietnamese!
-   Brand style guidelines started by bubdrum & carmy
-   Moderation meeting last Friday to get some good commentary on policies, TOS in progress as well by Heiwa!
-   Category support & stream title support has been added by mja00
-   Clone got a mic :)
    
## Challenges
-   US Government extremely behind on EIN applications. - Confirmed with Stripe on Monday, no updates yet...
-   Lack of information around foreign tax and legal obligations, re: payout -- we’re starting to learn more about this, may be able to support Canada & UK on launch! 

## Agenda
Paco to present the Glimesh Community Team and approach to solving Moderations topics.
  
Ideal Launch:
1.  Always someone live
2.  Strong community values
3.  Core moderation team
4.  Diverse streaming types

## Minutes
-   Clone has “mouse elbow” from so much coding    
-   We’re still growing, but our numbers on growth were a little lower    
-   Most of our wins were from the community, not Clone or Kristoff    
-   Paco’s Segment: Moderation & Terms of Service    
	-   Volunteers for the moment	    
	-   Looking for volunteers who want to talk to us at length about underrepresented content creators (e.g. body artists)	    
	-   Ping Paco1342 or Heiwa in the #business or #suggestions channel to talk about areas of the Terms of Service that are the biggest concerns for your type of content	    
	-   Reviewed Community Team Mission Statement (written by Paco)	    
	-   We want to make sure that everyone finds Glimesh to be safe and fair and empowers them to be better content creators	    
	-   Fair & impartial bans, terminations, etc.	    
	-   Gut feelings aren’t taken into account, only facts	    
	-   Community Feedback: Make sure to communicate before things happen as much as we can	
	-   We will take down any audio segments in compliance with our DMCA policy.
