
# Glimesh Staff Meeting 8/25

## Objective
EIN Updates & regular progress


## Weekly Metrics
|           | Users  | Discord | Twitter | Reddit | Instagram | Facebook |
|-----------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-----------|----------|
| This Week | 1716   | 896     | 1188    | 158    | 96        | 42       |
| Last Week | 1551   | 850     | 1119    | 153    | 77        | 36       |
| Diff      | 165 ⬆  | 46 ⬆    | 69 ⬆    | 5 ⬆    | 19 ⬆      | 7 ⬆      |
  

## Wins
-   EIN - We got approved, and set it up with our bank account and payment provider!
-   The Hotfix Podcast was gracious enough to invite and host us to be on their podcast! Had a great hour long conversation on the new, the now, and the future of Glimesh
-   API spec has been approved & developed, ready for preliminary review, authentication next for 3rd party devs
-   FTL is making significant progress, we’ll be tested it publicly soon on upcoming staff meeting
-   LANGUAGES German & Swedish support is done, Russian has been started
-   Terms of Service initial draft is completed, getting ready for community feedback next Staff meeting
-   Brand guidelines document published, new Design trello board kicked off by bubdrum & carmy
    

## Challenges
-   Lack of information around foreign tax and legal obligations, re: payout -- we’re starting to learn more about this, may be able to support Canada & UK on launch!
    
    
## Agenda
Cover the past week, and talk about the next two Staff Meetings:
1.  Terms of Service Initial Draft
2.  Glimesh Design Standards
    
Ideal Launch:
1.  Always someone live
2.  Strong community values
3.  Core moderation team
4.  Diverse streaming types
    
    
## Minutes
-   5th staff meeting!
-   We finally have an EIN (for those that don’t know, EIN stands for Employer Identification Number. It’s basically a Social Security Number for Business). This was our biggest blocker to going live, but now we are able to accept payments and transmit money.
-   Check out the Hotfix Podcast at [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-hw32dhbJY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-hw32dhbJY) to learn more about us!
-   First draft of the API is ready to be released. Reach out to us in the #dev channel in our discord to give us your feedback and let us know what we’re missing.
-   Hayden is killing it on FTL implementation. Our goal is to have one of the upcoming staff meetings run on the FTL protocol so we can start battle testing it.
-   We want to do some 24/7 music or movie streams to test FTL as well prior to launch.
-   If you’re interested in C++, please jump in #dev to help out! We would love the help
-   Kristoff though Clone’s “Mr World Wide” joke was fantastic
-   Spanish AR, Russian, and French translations are in progress
-   Design team has self organized with an amazing trello board and other materials. We’re focusing on accessibility for the site right now.
-   Everyone is driving during the meeting...stay safe!!
-   Paypal is our most requested payout provider per our twitter survey
-   Stripe handles all identity and bank account verification for us so this makes it easier for us to stay focused on getting the platform live
-   We’ll probably get through launch with Direct Debit & ACH
-   Paypal will be a big initiative for us after launch so we can support more of our audience.
-   Our Terms of Service will be reviewed by a lawyer
