# Glimesh Staff Meeting 7/28

## Objective
Discuss the overall plan & execution strategy for the upcoming launch!

## Weekly Metrics
* Github: 13 Pull requests merged by 7 people
* Website Signups: 808
* Discord Members: 607
* Twitter Followers: 652
* Reddit Subscribers: 79
* Instagram Followers: 51
* Facebook Followers: 19

## Wins
-   Successful charity stream completed, over $3000 raised
	-   200 concurrent viewers, 1.3k unique visitors, 13.6k page views, 8m avg duration
	-   DigitalOcean supported & tweeted out the event
	-   IKAROS got a semi-complimentary haircut
	-   Only two major stream interruptions during both streams
-   Went open source with tons of contributions already
-   Formed Glimesh, Inc. as an official company
-   Applied for bank account & payment provider access

## Agenda
This exercise has us working backwards from an idea state, to clearly define the goal, and create actionable steps to get there!

1.  What is an ideal launch for us?
    1.  How many streamers, viewers, subscribers?
    2.  What type of content?
    3.  How are people finding us?
    4.  What’s keeping them engaged?
    5.  What are the most popular features?
3.  What do we need to develop to have those popular features?
4.  How are we going to market to the people finding us?
5.  How do we best support various types of streaming content?
6.  How do we achieve our goals for launch?

Ideal Launch:
1.  Always someone live
2.  Strong community values
3.  Core moderation team
4.  Diverse streaming types

## Minutes
Metrics & Wins:

-   Officially late….
-   Reviewed the “Wins” section above and metrics from our charity stream event.
-   Questions about stock & investing → We’ll look at doing this after launch due to the cost of legal counsel required to figure out stock options & grants.
-   All metrics are “as of today” not in the past week. Future metrics will be “past week”.
-   Adding re-logins to tracked metrics to see who has revisited the website
-   Adding Discord members to metrics tracked. Current number is 607 members.

Ideal Launch:
-   Viewers, Streamers, Subscribers
    -   Should always have content available to watch
    -   3 - 4 people streaming at any given time, have a good diversity across time zones.
    -   Must consider what we can financially support initially. Is there a certain ratio we need?
        -   Don’t want to limit growth in the beginning because of finances
        -   Employees increase costs exponentially!
        -   We hope we can all agree that this is a fun side project that we all work on and don’t need to get paid right away, we can survive longer without needing to pay salaries
        -   Need to make sure all streamers can “pull their weight”, sub buttons for everyone!
    -   Content per region - core group of streamers responsible for keeping content going for a particular region/area.
    -   Are streamers going to go through an evaluation/application process? If we put a streamer into a specific time slot we might be giving the wrong impression or promote the wrong material
        -   Future state: some time of vetting process for streamers
        -   May be a certain understanding within the community that the platform isn’t responsible for the streaming content because everyone is able to stream on a platform.
        -   Bringing up the idea of a community team for the website or a core moderation team
        -   Difference between general streamers and Glimesh promoted streamers
        -   Make sure that when something is reported, that rules are enforced and there are repercussions

-   What content to stream?
    -   Show that we have a place for non-gaming streamers, too
    -   Pushing for a “just chatting” demographic. Fastest and most consistently growing category on Twitch
    -   Don’t want to focus too heavily on one particular category because we want everyone to have an equal opportunity
    -   Other platforms don’t do a good job of being inclusive
    -   Inclusive platform! Make sure we have diverse content at all times, too.
    -   Sub-categories...never mind... those are tags

-   Marketing to Non-Gamers
    -   Want to make sure we aren’t recruiting people who have been banned from other mainstream media sources!
    -   Don’t want to become a platform that harbors people with hateful content.
    -   Write ToS to make sure there are very minimal grey areas to mitigate this in the beginning
    -   Streamers know how to network best! Mixer used the streamers/partners to market. Use the talent that you have to recruit & retain.
    -   Push & market the content that’s on the platform, ideally we are marketing our content creators.
    -   Our streamers success is our success, rising tide lifts all ships
    -   What keeps people around and engaged?

-   Encouraging your creators on your platform
    -   Community! Having a good relationship with and within the community is key.
    -   Gamification! Creating a platform that gives you creative freedom for your channel, earning rewards/incentives.
    -   People definitely like games, shouldn’t worry about gamification not appealing to non-gaming streamers
    -   Cosmetic features, items that influence how you interact with streamers rather than how you look. Earn items you can use across the website. Creators make items that can be used within their community.
    -   Leveling system to prevent choice paralysis (too many choices, can’t handle it), unlock things as you move up. Don’t dump everything at once on a person.
    -   Biggest thing will be integration! The more interactivity you give to the streamer & viewer, the more engaged people will be.
    -   Accessibility options for people with disabilities and making it easier for them to stream and to interact. Easier to access streams.
    -   Visibility & discoverability with the streamers, making sure that everyone can be seen in some regard
    -   The more things we can handle in house, the better. Don’t want to have to run multiple programs just to stream.
    -   Streamlabs is important!
    -   “Refer a friend” system, incentivize talking & participating in other streams
    -   Open up channels to gain followers before launch
    -   Making sure that we give them the tools & knowledge (document how to use the stuff we provide)

Keep up with the events!
-   Monthly events (e.g. christmas, halloween, etc.)
-   Theme weeks
