# Glimesh Staff Meeting 9/1

## Objective
Discuss our Terms of Service approach, and how we’re looking to evolve it.


## Weekly Metrics
|           | Users  | Discord | Twitter | Reddit | Instagram | Facebook |
|-----------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-----------|----------|
| This Week | 1830   | 919     | 1253    | 161    | 99        | 45       |
| Last Week | 1716   | 896     | 1188    | 158    | 96        | 42       |
| Diff      | 114 ⬆  | 23 ⬆    | 65 ⬆    | 3 ⬆    | 3 ⬆       | 3 ⬆      |
  

## Wins
-   FTL - Hayden has been hard at work getting the FTL implementation up to snuff. We got it integrated with the main application and we’ll be having a very special test stream very soon!
-   Met Discord partnership eligibility requirements!
-   Terms of Service - Ready for community review, still a work in progress, but we need your help now!
-   Learning more about our legal and tax obligations thanks to Heiwa
-   Glimesh Community Team - Applications are now OPEN!
-   Production deploy - [https://glimesh.tv/blog/2020-08-26-august-feature-update](https://glimesh.tv/blog/2020-08-26-august-feature-update)
    

## Challenges
-   Lack of information around foreign tax and legal obligations, re: payout -- we’re starting to learn more about this, may be able to support Canada & UK on launch!
-   Time!
    
    
## Agenda
Cover the past week, and talk about the next two Staff Meetings:
1.  Terms of Service Initial Draft
2.  Glimesh Design Standards
    
Ideal Launch:
1.  Always someone live
2.  Strong community values
3.  Core moderation team
4.  Diverse streaming types
    
    
## Minutes
-   Clone has LOTS of technical difficulties with audio...but here we are
-   Brownies are finished and we’re excited!
-   It was a slow week on social media and also development. Time is not always on our side (day jobs, time zones, school, etc.)
-   Tested out catered instagram content...it’s dogs. Got good traction, will continue to post pictures of dogs.
-   We’re thinking about not using OME for launch and instead use our FTL protocol to power our launch! We want to make it open source and available.
-   Clone is the most excited about the potential here because we aren’t limited anymore by the library’s authors.
-   We want to have some test streams up on the site until launch so we can test our technology (Glimovies!). That way you can pop in any time to see how the site works, chat, etc. This will allow us to tweak and improve our FTL protocol.
-   We met discord partnership requirements and submitted our application on Friday.
-   Our Terms of Service has largely been a volunteer effort from Heiwa.
-   Thanks to Heiwa's legal research, we’re getting a more clear picture of how we can support other countries.
-   We are accepting applications for the GCT!
-   Internationalization & Two Factor Authentication were largely volunteer efforts!
-   GraphQL makes it much easier for us to support mobile in the future
-   Stream titles & categories change in real time! Everything we do we want it to be legitimate real time.
-   Heiwa presents the TOS, how it’s structured, how to leave suggestions, etc. TOS Google Doc will be available for review and suggestions in the #terms-of-service-discussion discord channel. Please be respectful in all discussions.
-   Staff meeting time will change for the design requirements review next week to accommodate Bubdrum and Carmy’s schedule.
