

# Glimesh Staff Meeting 8/4

## Objective
Discuss the Minimum Required Features for the Ideal Launch!

## Weekly Metrics
|           | Users  | Discord | Twitter | Reddit | Instagram | Facebook |
|-----------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-----------|----------|
| This Week | 944    | 700     | 841     | 89     | 57        | 23       |
| Last Week | 808    | 607     | 652     | 79     | 51        | 19       |
| Diff      | 136 ⬆  | 93 ⬆    | 189 ⬆   | 10 ⬆   | 6 ⬆       | 4 ⬆      |

## Wins
-   Huge commitment from the community to support Glimesh on launch! Over 118 people signed up to become Glimesh streamers in our community survey!
-   Awesome infographic published, 19 Retweets, 52 Likes, and over 432 organic engagements! (Promoted: 844 engagements, 11,801 impressions)
-   Platform & Channel subscriptions feature “completed”
  
## Challenges
-   US Government extremely behind on EIN applications.
-   Lack of information around foreign tax and legal obligations, re: payout
  
## Agenda
Last time we talked about the ideal launch of the platform. Today let’s discuss the absolute minimum required features to enable this Ideal Launch.
  
  
Ideal Launch:
1.  Always someone live
2.  Strong community values
3.  Core moderation team
4.  Diverse streaming types
  
## Minutes
  
-   Late again…
-   Reviewed weekly metrics, wins, & new challenges
-   Delivered the bad news of restricting payouts to US 18+ only on launch due to legal compliance.
    -   Some disappointment from the community, but overall understanding
    -   Lots of questions about when other countries will be supported, paypal payout option, and payment for minors.
-   Dot Voting Activity!
    -   Top feature is Websocket API for real time events!
    -   Moderation Features - specifically bans, timeouts in channel, and moderation logs
    -   Custom Emotes - need to figure out what the most time sensitive option is
        -   Free & sub emotes
    -   Clips - this will help us share and advertise for our streamers on social media
    -   Hyperlinks in chat
        -   No embeds in the chat
        -   Should come with moderation options for streamer and their mods.
        -   Streamer should be able to turn this on or off
    -   Go Live Notifications
        -   What is the level of spam you’ll accept?
        -   Email alerts should be opt in, should be able to pick the type of notifications you want
        -   Hit the follow button, notifications are on by default, you have to click the bell if you don’t want to be notified
        -   Have global notifications and stream notifications in the same place
        -   Make your globals the default when you follow someone
        -   No notification for follows, but you do get them for subs?
    -   Basic Stream Customization
        -   Includes only basic nav bar tags for launch
        -   Use the title of the stream to say what you’re streaming
        -   Drop downs in the nav bar for additional categories
        -   Player.me for tags
        -   Lots of community members not a fan of being limited to just general Nav bar categories for tags
-   Pop out chat
    -   Stream integration & chat playback (similar to Twitch OBS), popup chat window integrated into OBS
    -   Pop out chat needed for VR streams
-   Co-streaming
    -   Being able to have multiple streamers on a single page with a nice chat collection. You can see all the streamers at once, one combined chat.
    -   Mixer had up to 4 streamers at once
    -   Hardest part is merged chats
    -   Not needed for launch, but needed soon after
    -   Does help low viewer streamers can more viewers
-   Reporting of inappropriate streams and/or chats to staff
    -   Necessary core feature
    -   Paco will get a queue
  
  
After Questions:
-   There are very few features for launch that target discoverability?
    -   We have to walk before we can run, can’t be discovered if the site doesn’t exist
    -   Streamers will have to push Glimesh to their communities to drive traffic
    -   Banner will be curated content by community team, these will be streams that we want to help grow
-   Accepting Bitcoin payments at some point?
    -   Haven’t looked into it yet, will get complicated
-   Website Translation?
    -   We’ve made it very easy to translate, need help volunteers for Translation
    -   Will unlock it to make it available for translations, up to the community to translate to their language
    -   Open source language translation
-   Balancing protection vs. features people want vs. declining features
    -   Points brought up about the votes being given to features that benefit themselves vs. thinking about the community as a whole
    -   Some people might be upset if we don’t implement the ideas in a particular order for any idea
    -   Some features only make sense at scale so they won’t be added for awhile
    -   Some features just won’t be implemented for whatever reason, just because someone suggests something, doesn’t mean we have to do it.
